do we have any first-timers list
I'll make it as easy as possible as a
matter of fact this jungle is here 20
years ago been adopted and downs back so
it's not all that bad just stay with it
now i'm not sure where where babies in
your area come from but here they come
from the Cabbage Patch now it does take
nine months for a baby to be born
sometimes we have a preemie baby they're
born early they're usually tiny because
of an early frost let's even get have a
girl a bowl looks like a boy see all the
blue
we have LP is here that's licensed patch
nurses and they use large doses of TLC
tender loving king
we also use here that's not used another
high school yet a highly recommended
works very well it's called him a
jacilla and the legend of the Cabbage
Patch Kids is a very true story and it's
one that started quite a few years ago a
boy named Xavier Roberts was ten years
old in the summer during his vacation he
would always visit with his aunt patty
and uncle John that they lived on a farm
near mount yonah you can see mount yonah
north of here during that summer while
staying there is everyone on a camping
trip all by himself he set out on his
way and on his way to the camp sign he
heard a strange humming buzzing noise he
followed the noise and he met a bethey
babe the bunny he was the strangest
thing he'd ever seen and had ears like
the bunny an tail like a buddy but it
buzz like a bee Xavier caused the bunny
be that day and it led him to the
magical cabbage back he met the Cabbage
Patch Kids you make friends with them he
started bringing them home and soon he
drove home so many kids he had to put
them up for adoption if I
or today millions of our kids about
homes all over the world just wanted to
clear up the birds and beasts Roy this
procedure is called iniziato me timers
okay look the right stay with me grow c6
that's cabbage sick after those of you
who have delivered before the others
won't eat your help if you'll inhale
deeply outta here then exhale some of
you have done there and push don't push
each other here we go baby's head is
coming first it's always best to my head
comes first otherwise it's a branch
delivery and you could be here for a
long here we go
got a handsome baby boy baby boy what
you're getting sir Larry Larry and
what's a good middle name Larry Zachary
sounds like a race car driving Zachary
and Larry Zachary has hair that means
the interns didn't remember to fertilize
the cabbage man here's that that came
about as a mistake that's one of those
business days the same interns
accidentally trying to damage too close
to home in yourselves in his hands
haha